OSDOCS-11279: LVM storage resource footprint reduction is added in th… (#80628)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_release_notes/microshift-4-17-release-notes.adoc

//[id="microshift-4-17-configure-route-admission-policy_{context}"]
//==== Configuring the route admission policy now available

[id="microshift-4-17-storage_{context}"]
=== Storage

[id="microshift-4-17-LVMS-resource-footprint-reduction_{context}"]
==== Support for LVM storage resource footprint reduction

> With this release, LVM storage resource footprint reduction is supported in {microshift-short}. For more information, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, the resource footprint of the LVM storage driver has been significantly reduced, esp. with regards to memory consumption. 
```

Author: done.

> With this release, LVM storage resource footprint reduction is supported in {microshift-short}. For more information, see

Reviewer 2: I dont understand how resource reduction can be supported. +1 to @DanielFroehlich suggestions

Author: changes are done

> //xref:../microshift_configuring/microshift-workload-partitioning.adoc#microshift-enabling-workload-partitioning_microshift-workload-partitioning[Workload partitioning].

Author: Is there any link to be provided? 
Is it required to mention about functionality not changing? like: "With this release, LVM storage resource footprint reduction is supported in {microshift-short} by keeping the same functionality?

Reviewer: no link, only to internal reports, which we cant reference here.
I think no need to mention same functionallity.
